so what we're making today is a nice
Thai curry I love up curries because all
it is is all vegetables that you have in
your refrigerator it doesn't matter what
they are and a bunch of seafood which is
delicious you can also use pork or
chicken we're making a seafood one today
and today we're using the maid ployed
brand curry it's really easy to make all
the directions are right on the back all
you're going to need is some of this
some coconut milk here we have the light
coconut milk you can choose between the
light and just regular for our
vegetables today we have sweet potato we
have some nice cauliflower have some
nice broccoli also in here we have some
red peppers some cut up zucchini you can
see these chunks are nice and big we
also have down her somewhere some
tomatoes now in this batch of vegetables
I put all the vegetables that kind of
quit cook pretty quickly I'm here we
have the ones that we want to cook a
little bit longer here we have our sweet
potato in chunks we have our celery and
way underneath we have some carrot
strips when you make any type of dish
that has a lot of vegetables in it you
want to make sure that you have variety
of different colors that's how you going
to make sure you have all different
types of nutrients you can see we have
the red down here we have plenty of
green some white and the root vegetables
which are very important it's a nice
orange one so we're going to cut these
up and then move on to our cooking so
what I'm doing next here is cutting up
my fish if you take your fish out fall a
little bit make sure you have a really
sharp knife and cut it it's very easy to
cut and it comes out in perfect cubes
which is really nice I'm going to do the
same thing with my scallops scallops
tend to fall apart a lot when you're
cutting up in with any kind of fish so
when I start doing my scallops and
cutting them they're going to turn out
really nice with really nice edges so we
start with opening up the can of coconut
milk and you'll see that there is a bit
of solid coconut stuff on top and that's
fine that's way it's supposed to look
and you're going to start by putting a
little oil in your pan I have my heat on
medium high I'm using olive oil you can
use any low that you want so he thought
real nice man when this is the curry the
main boy is really good to have any
additives and so we're going to keep
this up I'm just going to add my weapon
with my with the Krays I've added a
little bit of lemon juice and some
shallots lemon juice makes it nice and
kind of easier it's a it's more it's
more moist exactly thank you so much and
some style she met for flavor so wait
for it to get hot
put in my cook
now that's all nice and mixed together
I'm going to add the rest of my coconut
milk
Oh
don't worry about the lumps that you'll
see in coconut milk just break it on up
it all mix together this is going to be
a delicious delicious sauce we're going
to bring this to a boil and to this
we're going to go ahead and add our
first mix of vegetables which is which
are the vegetables that have to put the
longest it's going to be my sleep tight
O's and celery and carrots we're going
to let them cook for about maybe five to
ten minutes and then we'll add the rest
of it first other vegetables have been
in for about 10 minutes I covered them
up we're going to put in the second set
of vegetables
as well as the the fish and scallops the
mahi-mahi and scallops oh this is going
to be delicious I'm going to stir all
this in the next food network star and
bring it back to the boil she's YouTube
cookie that work so this is my first
cooking show I have a bit of an audience
Nicole cooking I just about comedy sign
youtube yeah they have that one just how
reflects is made for some mushrooms and
we have here some nice strong emotion is
just the camp with them dump out the
juice and put it in and stir it all
together lovely add they're already
cooked and they just need to be heated
up and the delicious delicious curry
sauce yo I think you're so cute
color commentary so as you can see a
bigger crowd has gathered mostly because
of their wonderful smells of this oh
sorry that an additional thing of
coconut milk in order to take it nice
and soupy so that you'll have lots and
lots of juice for jasmine rice is
cooking or ice cream yoga room and this
is what it looks like now hmm we're
going to dish it up what case we have
these lovely plates that are gonna match
these lovely bowls that people also see
me this dish up some jasmine rice and
you dish up some curry would probably
have a better scoot over right here
right over the right so the rice soaks
up all that delicious delicious sauce
should go a color there and watch what
are their ego she can do it dry it's
really she's pretty stinky food and then
if you want to absolutely you can add
some chili sauce I've already added some
to you just add a little on top so
my MA so the initial heat that was added
was apparently enough additional he
really wasn't a SAG necessary but but
hurry sir are good go on take a bite me
you know what you're in the right place
for you
mm-hmm